Update readme (#163)
SolarPerformanceInsight/solarperformanceinsight: README.md

# Solar Performance Insight

Solar Performance Insight is an open source platform for evaluating solar power
plant performance. Solar Performance Insight aims to provide an alternative
to available asset management tools for PV Operations and Mainteneance (O&M)
providers where existing tools are unaffordable or impractical.

## Platform Layout

The Solar Performance Insight platform has two main components:

> - *REST API*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### REST API
```

  A REST API to enable programmatic access to Solar Performance Insight
  services that is built using [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/).
  Documentation for the development instance of the API can be found at
  [dev.solarperformanceinsight.org/api/docs](https://dev.solarperformanceinsight.org/api/docs).
  Source code can be found in the [api](tree/main/api) directory.

> 

Reviewer: something about python library that does the work

>   The API utilizes a MySQL database for storage and uses the [dbmate](https://github.com/amacneil/dbmate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The API stores metadata and job results in a MySQL database. It uses the [dbmate](https://github.com/amacneil/dbmate)
```

  migration utility for keeping the database in sync during development.
  Files related to the database and *dbmate* migrations can be found in the
  [db](tree/main/db) directory.

> - *Web Dashboard*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Web Dashboard
```

>   Web front end provides a graphical interface to the Solar Performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The web front end provides a graphical interface to the Solar Performance
```

>   Insight services build using [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/).The development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Insight services. The front end is built using [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/). The development
```

# Solar Performance Insight

Solar Performance Insight is an open source platform for evaluating solar power
plant performance. Solar Performance Insight aims to provide an alternative

> to available asset management tools for PV Operations and Mainteneance (O&M)
> providers where existing tools are unaffordable or impractical.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to available asset modeling tools for PV Operations and Mainteneance (O&M)
providers where existing tools are unaffordable or impractical.
```

Asset management is probably understood to encompass maintenance scheduling, parts ordering, billing, etc. all aspects of keeping a PV system operational and generating revenue. We only have modeling and analysis tasks in our scope.

## Platform Layout

The Solar Performance Insight platform has two main components:

### REST API

>   A REST API to enable programmatic access to Solar Performance Insight
>   services that is built using the [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
>   Python web framework. The [pvLib python](https://pvlib-python.readthedocs.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The REST API enables programmatic access to Solar Performance Insight
  services. It is built using the [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
  Python web framework. The [pvlib python](https://pvlib-python.readthedocs.io/)
```
